Indicate what type of reference it is (#3)
im-open/verify-git-ref: README.md

## Outputs
| Output       | Description                                                            |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `REF_EXISTS` | Flag indicating whether the provided reference exists:  `true\|false`  |

> | `REF_TYPE`   | Indicating what type of privided reference: `tag\|branch\|sha`         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `REF_TYPE`   | String indicating the type of the provided reference: `tag\|branch\|sha\|unknown`       |
```
